NO-ISSUE: Add docs for decommissioning (#974)
flightctl/flightctl: docs/user/managing-devices.md

To disconnect, enter "exit" on the console. To force-disconnect, press `<ctrl>+b` three times.

## Decommissioning Devices

> Decommissioning a device is the proper way to unenroll it and permanently remove it from flightctl management. This is an action that cannot be undone. Decommissioning should be performed before deleting a device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Decommissioning a device is the proper way to unenroll it and permanently remove it from Flight Control management. This is an action that cannot be undone. Decommissioning should be performed before deleting a device.
```

> Decommissioning a device is the proper way to unenroll it and permanently remove it from flightctl management. This is an action that cannot be undone. Decommissioning should be performed before deleting a device.

Reviewer: Could we make a short statement on what happens / why is it important? Something like "Decommissioning a device is the proper way [...]. When the user requests decommissioning of a device, the Flight Control service signals the agent to run a decommissioning process that includes erasing its management certificate and key and with it the device's identity."

Author: Good idea, I've added it

To decommission a device:

```console
flightctl decommission devices/<some_device_name>
```

> You can see that the decommissioning request was properly received by the flightctl service when it includes a decommissioning target in its spec and its lifecycle status moves to decommissioning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see that the decommissioning request was properly received by the Flight Control service when it includes a decommissioning target in its device specification and its lifecycle status (`status.lifecycle.status`) moves to `Decommissioning`:
```
